 Hockey Shootout List

Get the starting repository from Mr. Coxall.
Make the company logo and game logo in photoshop.
Create company logo scene file.
Make background white.
Insert company logo into the middle of the screen.
Make the company logo and game logo in photoshop.
Create game logo scene file.
Make background white.
Insert game logo into the middle of the screen.
Create main menu file
Insert winter themed background.
Insert copyright statement text at the bottom.
Insert hockey shootout text at the top.
Insert game logo in the middle.
Insert start button in the middle. If clicked on, direct to game scene.
Insert help button in the middle. If clicked on, direct to help scene.
Insert options button in the middle. If clicked on, direct to options scene.
Create help scene file.
Insert winter themed background.
Insert back button on top left. If clicked on, direct to main menu scene.
Insert how to play instructions at the top,
Insert controls in the middle.
Insert credits at the bottom.
Create options scene file.
Insert winter themed background.
Insert option button in the middle. If clicked on, direct to options scene.
Insert back button on top left. If clicked on, direct to main menu scene.
Insert sound label with on and off buttons. If on is clicked, sound starts on. If off is clicked, sound is turned off.
Insert music label with on and off buttons. If on is clicked, music starts on. If off is clicked, music is turned off.
Insert high score label.
Create game scene file.
Insert ice rink background.
Insert player into the middle of the screen.
Insert hockey net at the top.
Insert goalie in front of net. Goalie moves left and right constantly.
Insert 3 lives on the left.
Insert score label at the bottom.
Insert pause button.
Insert left button. If left button is clicked on, move the player left.
Insert right button. If right button is clicked on, move the player right. 
Insert shoot button. If shoot button is clicked on, shoot hockey puck towards the net. 
If hockey puck touches the net, you score a goal. Your score goes up 1.
If hockey puck touches the goalie, you lose one life.
If you lose 3 lives, game over.
If you lose, game over pops up in the middle of the screen with score, new game, and main menu.
If new game is clicked, restart game.
If main menu is clicked, direct to main menu.
If pause button is clicked, pause pop up appears. It displays main menu, restart and resume buttons.
If main menu is clicked, go to main menu scene.
If restart is clicked, restart the game.
If resume is clicked, resume game.
